=== 2.0.0.pre3 / 2010-03-02

* convert/protect predicates so that exceptions don't cause stack-jumping SEGVs
* various cleanup of ext functions
* convert runtime size parameter correctly

=== 2.0.0.pre2 / 2010-02-23

* Raise NoMemoryError as appropriate; acccept a size parameter or env variable for runtime size
* pull latest 1.9.2 SM
* Allow ruby code to create new gobal objects and add preliminary seal support
* Clear parent and prototype on new globals
* Cooperate with StackDeck's new backtrace-manipulating ways.
* remove thread ref to context (allows collection)
* Bump Hoe and Rake Compiler deps. Automatically grab submodules.
* Remove the old spidermonkey extension.
* Fix include guard for base TM header [Quin Hoxie]

=== 2.0.0.pre1 / 2010-02-11

* Split global fix; covers all known issues
* Fix build so enabling SM debugging doesn't cause SEGVs
* bring in patched SM 1.9.2 (from Firefox 3.6)

=== 2.0.0.pre0 / 2010-02-04

* Pass exceptions unmolested, with full backtraces.
* support E4X objects, at least as generic objects
* add suport for passing global to #compile and scope to #evaluate
* add support for spidermonkey split global objects
* integrate spidermonkey/tracemonkey from FireFox 3.5 build (includes JIT)

=== 1.2.0 / 2010-01-25

* Add an API for registering custom conversions.
* Subclass Runtime, don't delegate.
* Make builds a bit more robust, especially on Snow Leopard.
* Handle UTF-8 conversion better. Also, treat JS strings as UTF-16.
* Add small bits of API doco.
* Plug tons of root leaks.
* Make Function.prototype.apply handle Ruby arrays.
* Remove Rails EJS support, it was a joke to begin with.
* Whitespace, formatting, and organization cleanups.

=== 1.1.2 / 2009-07-29

* Cleaned up building / packaging. Gem installs work again!

=== 1.1.1 / 2009-06-27

* Stress GC during tests by setting JOHNSON_GC env var. [Mike Dalessio]
* Better cross-language exception stack traces. [Mike Dalessio]
* Modernize our use of Hoe and plugins.

=== 1.1.0 / 2009-04-04

* Enough delays. First real/RubyForge release!
* Cleaned up the build.
* Updated to a more recent SpiderMonkey.
* Fixed allocation-during-GC bugs.
* Added some new GC bugs.

=== 1.0.0 / 2008-03-11

* Birthday!
