= Johnson

Johnson wraps JavaScript in a loving Ruby embrace.

* {Source Code}[http://github.com/jbarnette/johnson]
* {Bug Tracker}[http://johnson.lighthouseapp.com]
* {RubyForge Project}[http://johnson.rubyforge.org]

== Examples

    # FIXME: write some decent examples
    require "johnson"

    Johnson.evaluate("4 + 4") # => 8
    Johnson.evaluate("4 + foo", :foo => 4) # => 8

== Installation

We haven't rolled an official 1.x for Johnson, though we plan to Real
Soon Now.  For the moment, follow the instructions in "Installing
Development Versions".  Once we push a 1.0 to RubyForge, it'll be as
easy as:

  [sudo] gem install johnson

=== Restrictions

Johnson is currently developed and tested on Mac OS X with Ruby
1.8.6. We'd like to widen our support: contributions are very welcome!

=== Development Versions

We periodically update Johnson's gemspec on Github. Rather than
installing the official releases (hosted on RubyForge), you can track
the development version. Development versions will have a timestamped
version number, like 1.0.0.200806232349.

    $ [sudo] gem sources -a http://gems.github.com # once
    $ [sudo] gem install jbarnette-johnson

== License

Copyright 2008-2009 John Barnette, Aaron Patterson, Yehuda Katz,
Matthew Draper

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
